Add additional message (#466)
sider/sider-docs: docs/custom-rules/goodcheck.md

- `id`: a string to identify rules.
- `pattern`: a _pattern_ or a sequence of *pattern*s.

> - `message`: a string to tell writers why the code piece should be revised. (The message is compatible with CommonMark.)

Reviewer: [suggestion] Seems good. In addtion, what about making it more kind?

```suggestion
- `message`: a string to tell writers why the code piece should be revised.
    - We recommend writing the message in Markdown (CommonMark) so that it is shown correctly on Sider and GitHub. E.g. wrapping an HTML tag with backticks.
```
